Hello friends, today we will talk about a very
wonderful plan, the
iElite plan of IC Load. This plan is a very
wonderful plan. This plan can be
taken by a person of any age, even after 18 years.
Before we start about this plan, I just want to urge all of you to
subscribe to the channel of Ma Insurance Dost and press the bell icon
so that you keep
getting the latest videos and updates and
this information can
give you a boost in your insurance career. So let's start
about the iElite plan. iElevate has
four major features which make this plan a
revolution in the insurance industry and in
other ways, it is able to provide better services to the people.
First, Infit Care is such a feature that
if in the policy you have taken insurance of Rs. 10 lakh,
20 lakh
or 50 lakh
and at any time in your entire life a major
claim comes, be it of Rs. 10 lakh, 20 lakh,
50 lakh, 1 crore, 2 crore, 5
crore, even if the policy is of Rs. 10 lakh, you can still make a
one-time claim of up to Rs. 5 crore.  You can use it in your life,
this is a very great feature.
Second, Power Booster. Power Booster is such a
feature in the policy, if you
select it, if you have taken a policy of 10
lakhs and you think
that your insurance cover should keep increasing over time, this is
such a feature that your insurance cover will keep increasing
every year,
for example, if you have
taken a policy of 10 lakhs, next year it will be 20,
then it will be 30, then it will be 40,
then it will be 50, similarly, if
you run the policy for 20 years, then your
insurance cover will be of ₹ crores, just
think about it, this feature
is a very great feature for you. Third, Jump Start. Jump
Start is such a feature, if you have any generation,
even in PD, someone may have BP
problem, someone
may have hyperlipidemia problem,
someone may have diabetes problem,
someone may have asthmatic problem,
if someone is suffering from these four problems and
wants to cover himself, then the policy
You
can cover all these things after the next 30 days of taking the policy.
Elevate
also has some such features within your policy. If you are
taking the policy, you
can reduce your premium by 15% at the time of taking the policy. If you have a
very good CIBIL score, you
can reduce your premium by 15% further. If you
take a long-term policy, that is, a two- or three-
year policy, you
can reduce the premium there by 15%. If you want, you
can also reduce your premium renewal by 15%. If you renew your premium before 30 days, you
can get a NEXT discount. If you
go to a preferred network hospital, you can get a
discount on claims up to 10%. You can
also get a wellness discount up to 30%. If
you keep yourself fit, you
can get an additional discount on the premium.
All these features make this policy an excellent
policy. Let us talk about some basic features of the policy for you. The
inpatient policy is covered. The pre- and
post-patient policy is covered.  90 days pre
and 180 days post can be covered in the policy. We will
talk about reset benefit.
Reset benefit is a very
good feature of the policy where you
can get unlimited restoration in the policy, you
can get unlimited cover. Let's talk about cumet bonus,
cumet bonus is at 20% in the policy, whether there is a
claim or not, your
insurance claim will keep increasing at 20
% every year. Let's talk about donor expense,
up to insurance cover can be covered in the donor expense policy, it is a
good
thing, you will like it if you hear, in today's
world everyone is getting obese,
eating habits have become like this, biological
surgery is also covered in the policy, there is
a good feature in the policy
of domus hospitalization, like it happened in Covid
or during any epidemic, so
if you need domus hospitalization, then
you can take advantage of that feature.
Talking about modern treatment,
you can use two insurance covers in the modern treatment policy,
day care
surgeries are covered in the policy all day  The Care policy covers a number of health benefits. The
way people's attention has been
drawn to AYUSH, this policy
covers AYUSH treatments up to some extent.
I consider this policy a good feature.
Surrogacy is also covered in the policy.
If someone has any difficulties in having children,
you can also cover the surrogate mother under this policy. This is a
very good feature.
Ambulance services are covered in this policy. There is
no limit. This is a very good feature.
As mentioned, it can be
taken as an individual or as a floater.
If we talk about the policy as a floater, then the
husband, wife, and up to three children can be
taken together under the policy. One amazing thing that
makes this policy different is that the
dependent child can stay in this policy till the age of 30.
Dependent means that if the child is
studying and is dependent on the parents,
then that child can be covered till the age of 30.
For more information, do
n't forget to call Ma Insurance Dost at the
number below.  It is given that we
will tell you the features of this product and will
give you complete information about how you can opt for this product, so stay tuned
with My Insurance Dost and
contact us to get your policy or to
become an insurance agent, thank you
friends
[Music]